---
title: Volunteer With Us
permalink: /our-community/volunteer-with-us/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h5><strong>Volunteering with the Grassroots Organisations (GROs)</strong></h5><p>GROs are managed by appointed grassroots volunteers. As a grassroots volunteer, you will organise a wide range of programmes for residents to meet and interact. You will play a pivotol role in bringing people from all walks of life together and <strong>encourage community involvement, raise awareness about community issues, explain government policies and gather feedback, and also help those in need</strong> to strengthen our communities.</p><p>There are many GROs that you can volunteer with at Kebun Baru. Find out more <a href="https://staging.dxm4smd2virsq.amplifyapp.com/our-community/our-grassroots-organisations/resident-networks/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>.</p><p>Join us as a grassroots volunteer by filling up this <a href="/files/Volunteer_Registration_Form__2023_.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Volunteer Registration Form</a>.</p><p>You may e-mail the form to us at pa_kebunbarucc@pa.gov.sg or submit the form at our CC counter from 10am - 6pm (Mon - Sun, excluding PH).</p><h5><strong>Volunteering as a Community Volunteer</strong></h5><p>The Community Volunteer scheme aims to offer more <strong>flexibility in choosing specific cause-based or skills-based volunteering opportunities </strong>that you wish to contribute towards. As compared to GROs, you may determine your level of commitment such as on ad-hoc, once-off event basis. Meet like-minded individuals and come together to volunteer as a group towards a common community goal.</p><p>Sign up as a Community Volunteer <a href="https://www.onepa.gov.sg/events/community-volunteers-needed--kebun-baru-co-71814060" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>.</p>